Now if you don't have access to Sketch I'm going to show you something else that you can use.
Now one option you have is something called canva.com and this is one of my favorite tools for creating
posters for creating social media posts for creating all sorts of beautiful layouts because they have
loads and loads of templates that you can essentially edit and design to make it look good. But you can
also use it to create mockups.
So if you go into the website and you say "use custom dimensions" and then you put in the dimensions
for the screen size of an iPhone which I think is 750 X 1344.
And then you go ahead and hit design, and now you'll have a blank canvas to start designing your apps.
Now if you go into search and you search for wireframe, it'll bring up a whole load of components that
you can drag and drop on screen.
Now some of these components are paid but most of them are free.
So for example if you needed drag in a nav back button all you have to do is that resize and then put
it over there and then maybe we want something like a list of items over here something like this.
And then you can also add in custom shapes squares or circles or whatever.
So let's drag a square onto here and make that little bit bigger
to create a navigation screen. There we go. And just make it go back back back and let's change the color to maybe
a dark gray.
There we go. Now we're starting to have something that's looking a bit more like a app. Add a heading
and call it "My App" drag that right up here.
Let's change that font into something a bit more like this
and then you can create a second screen just by hitting add a new page and it'll be the same dimensions.
And you can continue to drag and drop things.
You've got access to a whole bunch of color palettes backgrounds,
so something nice like this like a honeycomb design.
And you've got loads of text styes  that you can choose from.
So maybe in your app you want something that looks a bit like that.
Now of course Canva is actually optimized mostly for print design but I quite like this way of adding
a new page to just create another canvas and the ability to drag and drop a whole load of things.
So in their elements section, you can have a look at a whole bunch icons that they've got that you can
have access to for free so your profile icon for example which might go down here in the tab bar and the
simple ability of just dragging and dropping, resizing and putting new things on them.
Now of course they don't have a lot of user interface elements such as the status bar or the navigation
bar but it's quite easy to actually search for images and just drag and drop them on there.
And if nothing comes up that seems useful to you, you can always go to Google and search for whatever
image it is that you need whether it's a navigation bar whether it's a status bar
and then you simply upload it and drag it drop it onto your screen.
You can also share your canva with other people and you can download it as images or as PDFs for use
elsewhere as well.
So that's a really quick and easy way of making mockups if you don't have access to Sketch.